OADP-3954 ImageStreamTag Update (#81525)
openshift/openshift-docs: snippets/oadp-image-stream-tag-trigger.adoc

//This snippet appears in the following assemblies:
//
//backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/backing_up_and_restoring/restoring-applications.adoc
//OADP 1.4.1 Release Notes

:_mod-docs-content-type: SNIPPET

> During a File System Backup (FSB) restore operation, a `Deployment` resource referencing an `ImageStream` is not restored properly. Due to this, pod restoration `postHook` is not executed and the volume content is not restored during. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During a File System Backup (FSB) restore operation, a `Deployment` resource referencing an `ImageStream` is not restored properly. Due to this, pod restoration `postHook` is not executed, and the volume content is not restored during. 
```

> This happens because, during the restore operation, an OpenShift controller updates the `spec.template.spec.containers[0].image` field in the `Deployment` resource with the `ImageStreamTag` hash. The update triggers a rollout of a new pod affecting the FSB volume restoration and Pod restoration `postHook` execution. For more information, see "Triggering updates on image stream changes".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This happens because, during the restore operation, an OpenShift controller updates the `spec.template.spec.containers[0].image` field in the `Deployment` resource with the `ImageStreamTag` hash. The update triggers the rollout of a new pod, affecting the FSB volume restoration and pod restoration `postHook` execution. For more information, see "Triggering updates on image stream changes".
```

Is `Triggering updates on image stream changes` meant to be a link?

Author: I have added the link as an xref in the 'Additional  resources'  section of the 'Restoring' assembly. This is per OCP guidelines. Also. we are including the snippet in RN too and the xref will probably fail to resolve.

> The workaround for this behavior can be a two step restore process. In the first step, you perform a restore by excluding the `deploymentconfig` resources, for example `--exclude-resources=deployment.apps`, and in the second step, you perform a restore including these resources, for example, `--include-resources=deployment.apps`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workaround for this behavior can be a two-step restore process. In the first step, you perform a restore by excluding the `deploymentconfig` resources, for example `--exclude-resources=deployment.apps`, and in the second step, you perform a restore including these resources, for example, `--include-resources=deployment.apps`.
```

> The workaround for this behavior can be a two step restore process. In the first step, you perform a restore by excluding the `deploymentconfig` resources, for example `--exclude-resources=deployment.apps`, and in the second step, you perform a restore including these resources, for example, `--include-resources=deployment.apps`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workaround for this behavior is a two-step restore process:

. Perform a restore by excluding the `deploymentconfig` resources, for example `--exclude-resources=deployment.apps`.
. Perform a restore including these resources, for example, `--include-resources=deployment.apps`.
```

You could even do it as an ordered list

Author: Made it an ordered list. thanks.

//This snippet appears in the following assemblies:
//
//backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/backing_up_and_restoring/restoring-applications.adoc
//OADP 1.4.1 Release Notes

:_mod-docs-content-type: SNIPPET

> During a File System Backup (FSB) restore operation, a `Deployment` resource referencing an `ImageStream` is not restored properly. Due to this, pod restoration `postHook` is not executed, and the volume content is not restored. 
> 
> This happens because, during the restore operation, an OpenShift controller updates the `spec.template.spec.containers[0].image` field in the `Deployment` resource with the `ImageStreamTag` hash. The update triggers the rollout of a new pod, affecting the FSB volume restoration and pod restoration `postHook` execution. For more information, see "Triggering updates on image stream changes".
> 
> The workaround for this behavior is a two-step restore process:
> 
> * Perform a restore by excluding the `deploymentconfig` resources, for example `--exclude-resources=deployment.apps`.
> * Perform a restore by including these resources, for example, `--include-resources=deployment.apps`.

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
During a File System Backup (FSB) restore operation, a `Deployment` resource referencing an `ImageStream` is not restored properly. Restored Pod running File System Backup as well as `postHook` is killed prematurely due to a rollout triggerd by ImageStreamTag update.

This happens because, during the restore operation, OpenShift controller updates the `spec.template.spec.containers[0].image` field in the `Deployment` resource with an updated `ImageStreamTag` hash. The update triggers the rollout of a new pod, killing the pod velero is running File System Backup and post restore hook on. For more information about image stream trigger, see "Triggering updates on image stream changes".

The workaround for this behavior is a two-step restore process:

* First perform a restore excluding the `Deployment` resources, for example
```
velero restore create <RESTORE_NAME> \
  --from-backup <BACKUP_NAME> \
  --exclude-resources=deployment.apps
```
* Once first restore is successful, perform a second restore by including these resources, for example
```
velero restore create <RESTORE_NAME> \
  --from-backup <BACKUP_NAME> \
  --include-resources=deployment.apps
```
````

Author: Thanks for the review. I reworded a little to use 'terminating' instead of 'killing' :). Thanks.

//This snippet appears in the following assemblies:
//
//backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/backing_up_and_restoring/restoring-applications.adoc
//OADP 1.4.1 Release Notes

:_mod-docs-content-type: SNIPPET

During a File System Backup (FSB) restore operation, a `Deployment` resource referencing an `ImageStream` is not restored properly. The restored pod that runs the FSB, and the `postHook` is terminated prematurely.

This happens because, during the restore operation, OpenShift controller updates the `spec.template.spec.containers[0].image` field in the `Deployment` resource with an updated `ImageStreamTag` hash. The update triggers the rollout of a new pod, terminating the pod on which `velero` runs the FSB and the post restore hook. For more information about image stream trigger, see "Triggering updates on image stream changes".

The workaround for this behavior is a two-step restore process:

. First, perform a restore excluding the `Deployment` resources, for example:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ velero restore create <RESTORE_NAME> \
  --from-backup <BACKUP_NAME> \
  --exclude-resources=deployment.apps
----

> . Once the first restore is successful, perform a second restore by including these resources, for example:

Reviewer 3: Per IBM style guide: 

once adverb
Use only to mean one time. Do not use as a conjunction to mean after or when.

Author: Done. Thanks.
